"I love you, babe. You make me feel special!",
"I am really blessed to have you in my life. I love you so much.",
"The most beautiful thing that ever happened to me is YOU. I love you so much, babe",
"You're the most amazing girl that I can spend the rest of my life with. Thanks for being mine.",
"You guide me to my true peace, love. Without you, I'm a lost traveler with a broken compass!",
"You make me feel alive every moment. You are the reason behind every joy and every smile of my life. I love you so deeply!",
"My love for you is deeper than the ocean. You can see it if you look right into my eyes. You'll know how madly I'm in love with you!",
"No matter how busy I am, my heart never forgets to remind me of you. I love you, baby.",
"The more days go, the more I fall in love with you. You are the Queen of my heart.",
"You gave me a reason to live, dream, and fight. You make my days worth living. Thank you for being the only person who understands me!",
"I don't want the world, I don't want the skies, I don't want the moon, I just want you in my share. Love you a lot my love",
"I can't stop loving you because it's the only thing I'm good at and the only reason I was sent here on earth. I love you!",
"Your childish giggles melt my heart every time I hear them. Keep laughing like this always. I love you.",
"Your presence in my life is a blessing of a lifetime. You're the gift that I never dared to ask for. The love you have given me is more than I could ever imagine.",
"Sometimes it feels like I'm having a dream, but then I realize it's all real and I'm one lucky fellow in this beautiful world. Thank you for being mine!",
"I thank god every day because he answered my prayer and gave me the most gorgeous woman in the world. I can't help myself from falling in love with you every day!",
"You are the most beautiful woman I have ever known. You grew a flower in my heart, which I call love. I love you more than anything else in life!",
"Every time I close my eyes, I dream about us being happy and merry together in our dream house. Stay with me forever, Love.",
"Your smile is the reward I want to get every day. It is the only thing that keeps me breathing beautifully.",
"By holding your hands tightly, I get the strength of conquering all my life problems. Stay with me always.",
"I promise you that I will protect you from all the negativity of this world. You only promise to stay with me always. I love you.",
"It doesn't matter where you are; I can always hear your heartbeat when I lay down and see your face when I close my eyes. I love you, sweetheart!",
"People with truth in their heart and passion in their eyes are hard to come by. I was lucky that I found you. I love you so much, my dear!",
"You have everything in you to be loved, to be adored and to be pampered. I'll always give my best to make you feel special. I love you!",
"You are the perfect match for me and I know it from the first time I saw your beautiful face. Love you with my everything pretty girl.",
"I am nothing but a silhouette, but through your eyes, I am born as the brightest star!",
"Whenever I look at you, my heart gets caught in a hitch. You're a gorgeous woman in my eyes!",
"Wish I could show you how much you mean to me. You're the one with whom I can fall in love over and over again.",
"The beauty in your eyes and the innocence in your face drives me crazy all the time. I want you in my life for today, tomorrow and forever.",
"I feel fortunate to have you in my life as you light it up with your glow. I value your presence more than anything else; I love you.",
"My love for you is never-ending, and no matter how hard life becomes, I will always be there for you like you have been for me. I love you, darling.",
"I have a special chamber inside my heart. Nothing can occupy this but you. Sending you a box full of love, my sweetheart!",
"You can finish counting the stars in the sky, but you can never finish counting the love I have for you. Because my heart is filled with infinite love for you!",
"Every time you look into my eyes, you melt my heart and make me fall in love all over again. I love being loved by you.",
"I need an entire lifetime to appreciate God for bringing you into my life. All I want now is to dedicate this life in loving you!",
"I don't care about anything and anyone else, as long as you love me. I can ignore the rest of the world if you're with me. I love you so much.",
"You are the queen of my heart. My heart finds pleasure in following your commands at any time and every time. You are the one I love!",
"No matter how many times I see you, your beauty makes my knees go weak and my stomach growl in nervousness! I love you!",
"Darling, my day goes well if I get just a small peak of your face or hear that sweet voice of yours! You are truly my lucky charm!",
"I live every day hoping to wake up someday with you beside me. Nothing can make me happier than a day that starts with you and ends with you!",
"I don't know if you feel the same, but I do feel the love in the air. In fact, I feel it everywhere I go and in everything I do. I'm surely in love with you!",
"Spending time with you heals my mental health. You can heal me like nothing else, glad that I have you in my life. Thank you, babe. I love you so much.",
"Thousand reasons are not enough to make me feel loved and special. Only your touch and smile can do it in a blink. Love you forever.",
"Nothing in this world can replace your place in my heart because you own it.",
"My love for you will never fade away as I have built a home for you in my heart with great care and loveable memories.",
"My heart was filled with sorrow and hard feelings, but you came and filled it with love and happiness. I can never be grateful enough to you for loving me like that.",
"I love how you put a smile on my face every time! I love you today and will love you till kingdom come. Thank you for everything, my love.",
"Every day of ours feels just like the very first day because I cannot help falling in love with you over and over again. I love you!",
"My dear, you make me feel safe around you and bring out all the goodness in me. I think we are truly meant for each other!",
"Every time I think of you, half my worries are gone. You make everything around you so positive and energetic. I love you so much.",
"There are no words I could use to describe the love we share. I'm so incredibly thankful for you.",
"You're the center of my fantasy because I love you way more than the sun than brighten my day and the moon that keeps the night awake.",
"I know we will always be together because you know all the tricks to melt my heart like April snow. You are my favorite magician in the whole world.",
"May God never separate us despite all the silly arguments we have. I cannot tolerate the distance between you and me ever.",
"You came into my life, and suddenly everything became beautiful. You are the only sunshine in my life.",
"Love has the power to transform the hardest of hearts; it has the power to heal and the power to comfort and redeem. I know this because I've seen what your love does to me.",
"I've seen the truest and purest form of love in you. I don't need anything else in life as long as I have your love. Thank you for loving me so sincerely and genuinely!",
"If there's anything in life I wouldn't want to change, it is the chance of meeting you and falling in love with you.",
"I do not fear sorrows anymore because I know your love will instantly heal my heart. I am lucky for having you.",
"When I was crawling in the dark, hiding all my feelings and insecurities, you came like a knight in shining armor and saved me. Love you for everything.",
"I cannot be more blessed for having you in my life. Only I know how you have saved me from the darkness. I will cherish you in my heart forever and always.",
"I will forever be thankful to God for gifting me to you. You are not just my husband/ lover; you are my best friend. I know I can always count on you. I love you so much.",
"I have never believed in love at first sight. Love surely takes time to develop. And I'm glad that I chose to let my love for you grow each day. It's worth the wait. I love you.",
"Thank you for being the most wonderful friend and companion and making my day beautiful, every day!",
"I love you more than the stars in the night; even every day we fight, my love will never change, even slightly. I just love you; I simply do.",
"Each time I make a wish, I wish for us to be together forever. I know it will come true because you already live in my heart. I love you.",
"You always give me a million little reasons to smile. I have never had anyone in my life who was so amazing as you. I love you!",
"When I look into your eyes, I see a world full of love and affection. I want to be lost in your eyes and find myself again in a new world. I love you!",
"When I look into your eyes, I get lost in the vastness of an ocean full of love. I feel lucky because you're in my life. I love you!",
"Someday, I might write a poem to describe your beauty or a song to express my affection for you. But right now, I'm just lost in your love!",
"Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living. I enjoy every moment I spend in loving you. You are my sunshine in life!",
"I have loved you more times than I have loved myself. You are the reason why I'm happy and hopeful always. I love you so much!",
"You have an aura around you and whenever you come near me, I feel lucky to be engulfed in your aura of happiness.",
"I might live without you, but that life would be meaningless. Never ever want to lose you because I am passionately in love with your soul.",
"Love takes time to develop, but my love for you grows exponentially every day. I love you my admiring partner.",
"When I'm with you, all I do is pray to God that he stops the time from flowing. All I want in life is to spend forever with you. I love you dear!",
"If you ask me why do I love you so much, I'd say because I see a piece of myself in you and because you let me be myself when I'm with you.",
"You took control of my heart from the moment I met you. Now the owner of my heart is you. Take care of it and give it what it wants. I love you!",
"I lived a black and white life until I met you. You brought colors into it and now I see rainbows everywhere. I love you!",
"Nothing in this world is as precious as your love to me. May our love last forever.",
"Look at the computer keyboard, U and I were placed side by side. That's how the alphabets should be arranged because my love will never cease to exist as long as it's you and me.",
"Each time I look at you, I just smile to myself and think, 'I certainly could not have done better'. You are perfect the way you are. I love you, honey.",
"No words can describe what you mean to me. You are the sunshine of my life. You light up every I walk on and give me courage. I love you so much.",
"I know I do many stupid things, and I am not good enough for you but thank you for always being next to me.",
"You are perfect, but it is your imperfections that make me love you more and more every day.",
"You are not only my lover. You are my doctor of mental health. Your love is the best medicine that keeps me going on, and I cannot love you enough for that.",
"The love you have in your heart for me is the truest and purest form of affection, and I seek madly for it.",
"The way you love me, I hope I can return it to your heart in the same way. Stay with me always, dear.",
"The time we have spent together is the best time ever for me. I love you more than I can say.",
"A sky full of stars is not even comparable with my love for you. My love, my feelings for you is immeasurable. You are my sweetheart.",
"You are the most beautiful addition to my life's journey, and I could not want more. I love you to the moon and back.",
"My life is incomplete without your love. My soul is incomplete without your companionship. Don't leave me till my last breath. Love you so much.",
"Without you, my life is like an earth without sunshine. You are the color that brings happiness in my journey of life.",
"You are the reason for my smile and my happiness. I love you!",
"My heart belongs to you and it doesn't want anything but you. I love you, beautiful.",
"I consider myself as the luckiest man in the world because I've you beside me. I love you, my dear.",
"My world was so empty and dark. But when I met you, suddenly it felt like the sky over me has lightened up by a thousand stars. I love you!",
"Saying 'I love you' every day is not enough, and it is such an understatement. You are my soulmate, and I cannot live without you.",
"I fall in love with you every time I see you. You have that magic. Keep my heart safe in your magic box my prettiness.",
"I'm dedicating all the love songs in this world for you because you are worthy of all those lovely lyrics. Love you, beautiful.",
"If I were given all the time to live from the big bang to the big crunch, I would spend the entire time loving you.",
"It's hard to find someone willing to stay with you in every up and down of your life. I feel blessed to have you in my life because I know no matter what happens, you will never stop loving me!",
"Love can never be measured. It can only be felt. I don't want anything else as long as your love is with me!",
"Even if the stars fail to shine and the moon refuses to light up the world, I know I have nothing to fear. I have my guardian angel to look after me, care for me and love me forever and always. I love you!",
"My love for you is always growing stronger and I'm slowly losing myself deeper into it.",
"Since you have entered into my life, there have been chapters before you and will never be any chapter after you. It's only about you and all about you!",
"I hope you know that wherever I go or whatever I do, I have you always on my mind. Thank you for happening to me love.",
"My love, with you in my life, every day feels like a holiday! So I cannot wait to marry you and have an eternal happy vacation!",
"Life has thrown many lemons at me, but life has also gifted me with your presence. And I am forever grateful for that. You are my everything!",
"Whenever I go far away from you, I start to feel a little homesick. Because even when we are apart, I keep searching for you. I love you!",
"Baby, we may not be attached with the red string of fate, but I do not doubt that you are my soulmate forever.",
"Sweetheart, you know why I don't like romantic movies? It's because you and I make the greatest love story ever and no one can even come close!",
"I don't need a picture of you in my wallet as I have you in my heart. I love you so much, sweetheart.",
"When you came into my life, you brightened up my whole world. Thank you for having it a proper meaning; I love you.",
"I love you the way cloud loves the sky; I love you the way birds love to fly, I love you the way waves love the sea, I love you the way honey is loved by the bee.",
"If soulmates exist, we would have the strongest bond ever! My love for you will never fade away, baby.",
"Dear, carry my heart in your palm so that I can call you mine. I love you, now and forever!",
"My angel, you give me so much, but in return, I gave you nothing. Please stay with me till the last day of my breath. I promise to make you my Queen. I love you.",
"If there's one thing in this world I'm afraid to lose, it's you. I am so in love with you that I can't afford to lose you!",
"I dream of a world where you and I would live for a thousand years to love each other. I know I'll never be tired of loving you.",
"The Almighty has blessed me with such a precious gem like you. I will never let you go. I love you.",
"Every moment I spent with you seems to me like treasures. I will preserve you and these treasures lifelong. I will never let you go away from me. I love you.",
"If I were a teardrop in your eye, I would roll down onto your lips. But if you were a tear in my eye, I would never cry as I would be afraid to lose you.",
"If you could see yourself through my eyes, you would know how much I love you. You hold a very special place in my heart! I will love you forever!",
"You turned all my imperfections into perfection just by the power of your love. I love you for all the great things that you did for me.",
"I fell in love right at the first moment I saw you. My love for you will never fade away. I love you for everything you are!",
"There is not a single scale in this world that can measure my love for you. It's deeper than the ocean and truer than my reality!",
"Every morning of my life gives me a new reason to love you and to appreciate you for what you've given me. You are the one that holds the key to my heart!",
"I love you for being my truest lover, biggest friend, and most loyal companion. Without you, my life is nothing but an ocean of dust.",
"No fear can touch me except the fear of losing you. I have never loved anyone this much before. My only hope in life is you. I love you!",
"As long as you are in my life, I have absolutely no reason to be sad. Only you can give me everything I want in life. I love you for that!",
"You mean everything to me. Without you, everything is dull and meaningless. I want to be with you for an eternity and more. I love you, sweetheart!",
"I can go at any stretch to defend my love for you. I have only one desire in my heart and that is having you as my lover. I love you!",
"I will never promise you everything on earth, but I'll promise you everything my heart brings out because you own my heart.",
"I promise to be your guardian angel, the one that makes you smile when you're moody. The one that cares about you than itself. The one that will love you until the end of time. I love you.",
"Ours is the most beautiful love story that ever happened on this earth. For me, you are a priceless gem that I don't want to lose ever. Your love makes my life worth living every day. Thank you for being the nicest person that I ever met!",
"A girl like you deserves all the happiness in the world. You are so precious to me, and I'll protect you from every harm. Every time I see the smile on your face, it feels like heaven to me. You are the most beautiful part of my life, and I'll keep you happy always, I promise.",
"The only desire of my heart is to be with you every moment of my life. Your love draws me closer to you like a magnet. For me, you're the only person with whom I can be myself without all the worries of being judged.",
"It is a privilege to wake up beside you every day. It is a dream come true to have you by my side. You are my strength and my power. You make me full of hope even when there's no hope left. You are the treasure that I looked for all of my life! Love you like nothing matters without you, dear husband.",
"I'll always find my way back to you no matter where life takes us. You are my perfect soulmate and the only person who knows me better than anyone. I am grateful for every single happy moment I have spent with you! You're my only reason to smile.",
"You're the best thing that life has given me so far and I know nothing can take your place in my heart. The love I have for you is pure and eternal!",
"You bring so much joy into my life that it is very hard for me even to imagine a life without you. It feels like I have been living my life in a paradise since I met you. Every time I think of you, my heart rejoices.",
"I love how even being with you all day long doesn't get boring. I guess that's what love does! I want to be with you during both happy and sad times. Because without happiness, sorrow is worthless, and happiness can't be enjoyed to the fullest without sorrow. So, glad that I have you in my life, sugar.",
"We live in two different bodies but share the same soul. We talk in one single language called love, and the only thing we are good at is caring for each other. Thank you for becoming the most important person in my life!",
"Our bond was decided in heaven long before we met each other. I can never think of a world without you. You are the sunshine of my life. I feel blessed every day for having such a beautiful soulmate like you!",
"A day without the picture of your face is like a year in military detention. 24 hours without the sound of your voice is frustrating because my heart beats all abnormally every second. I miss you.",
"Your love brings out the best in me. You give me the better I used to pray for. Thank you for loving me with your heart. I will love you not like anybody, but as nobody has ever loved you.",
"Your love is all that makes me a happy person in this unhappy world.",
"Because of you, my life is full of fun, and there is no shortage of love!",
"I'm in love with you, and I'm the happiest for the rest of my life.",
"My life has never been this much better. I wish I had met you sooner.",
"No matter how dark my days are, your presence lights up my heart every time.",
"I can't live without you; you're the best thing that ever happened to me.",
"I love you and we meant to be, and being together was written into our destiny.",
"You make my life a better place and full of great moments. I love you so much!",
"Your love is like a beautiful island on which I have no problem being stranded in forever!",
"In your smile, I see something more beautiful than flowers.",
"My life is fully recharged with joy and happiness because of you. Never let me go!",
"I love you more than I can say. You're my favorite person of all time.",
"You're undoubtedly the best when it comes to loving me!",
"I can never think of anyone else who could love me so deeply!",
"Darling, Thanks for giving so much love. I am so happy to be with you.",
"If I ever found a genie in a bottle, I would spend my three wishes wanting you by my side forever.",
"You are my greatest possession and I cannot risk losing you for anything.",
"I fall in love even more with you with every second. Tell me, what magic spell did you cast on me?",
"I thought that love was overrated until the day I fell in love with you. You changed everything, my world, my life.",
"I don't need a thousand reasons to feel special. All I need is you to live in this world. You are the sunshine of my life.",
"My love for you is nothing to do with me. It's all about the way you are and the way you bring joy to everyone around you.",
"God listened to my prayer and sent you into my life when I badly need a savior. God bless you, my love.",
"The Almighty has chosen you to be my soulmate, as no one else can understand me better than you do. I love you, stay with me always.",
"I will snatch the stars from the sky just to make you smile, but what if the moon gets lonely? My love, grace me with your pretty smile!",
"My love, you are the reason behind my every smile. Thanks for always supporting me. I love you.",
"You have made me realized that love is the best feeling any human can feel. Thank you for coming into my life. I love you.",
"I cannot imagine surviving all the hardships of my life without your love and support. Keep holding my hands tightly forever. I love you.",
"If you ever asked me to pick between you and my dreams, I wouldn't know what to say because being with you is my only dream. I love you.",
"You bring smiles to my face and joy to my heart. You make me so happy that you're the only thing I think of all day long. I love you, honey.",
"The best thing about being in love with you is that I have begun to enjoy every season of life with a lot more zest than I usually do. Such is the magic of your love, sweetheart.",
"Even a doctor would be baffled at how my heart conveniently decides to beat faster or slower - depending on whether I'm thinking about you or not. xoxo",
"You evoke happy emotions in me; you surface the most beautiful feelings in me - the ones I have kept hidden for too long.",
"Believe me when I say your love is more than a word I can spell. It's so real that I can't discard it. It's so precious that everyone wishes for it. It's so special that I can't get enough of it."