"Just so you know, I'm madly in love with you.",
"Counting the hours until we're together again.",
"I can't focus today, and I blame it on you. Because I can't stop thinking about you.",
"Tell me how you'll kiss me when I see you tonight.",
"Every time I think about you, my heart dances.",
"It was hard to get out of bed this morning, because I just want to hold you forever.",
"A friendly reminder that you bring so much joy into my life, and I love you for it.",
"I want to say I love you in a thoroughly non-corny way, but nothing comes to mind, so let me just say this: I love you.",
"You are beautiful, sexy, and cute, all at the same time.",
"Plans for the weekend? You, me, cuddling for 48 hours straight?",
"Do you know what my perfect world looks like? It's the world when you and I are living together happily ever after. That's honestly all I need. To love you and cherish you till the end of time.",
"It took some time for me to realize that you are the most precious thing in my life. I used to not appreciate what you do for me, but now I understand that I was the biggest fool. I love you more than I can love anything or anyone.",
"You're saving me each and every day. I would not be here if it wasn't for you, love. Thank you for being with me through the good and the bad, I appreciate it so much. I love you more than you know.",
"When I hold your hand, my heart skips a beat. It's the most amazing and thrilling feeling in the world. I will never let go of your hand, baby, because I love you like the Moon loves the stars.",
"My goal in life is to protect you and make you the happiest human being in the world. I have never thought that I'm capable of loving someone as much as I love you. You saved me. Thank you for everything.",
"I'm so incredibly thankful for the love that we share. You make every second of my life unforgettable. You rocked my world, and I will never get tired of speaking about how amazing you are.",
"Being in love is so weird. I'm so obsessed with you that my every thought is filled with your presence. You occupied my mind, and I've realized that I want this feeling to last forever. I love you, princess.",
"It has always been important for me to say 'I love you' not only out of habit, but because I really mean it. I mean it, baby. I'm overwhelmed with this magical feeling, and I wanted you to know that.",
"I can't explain the way I feel when I hear your voice or see your beautiful face. You give me butterflies. You fill me up with joy and excitement; I think I finally found my one and only. I love you, baby.",
"What is life without you in it? Just a black hole. No end, no beginning, no sense or joy, no peace or harmony. I feel like I've become who I have to be when I met you. I love you beyond all limits.",
"You've changed my life. I'm so grateful for everything that you've done for me. You showed me what true love is. You are the most amazing woman I have ever met. I love you to the moon and back and even more.",
"You are perfect. I have never thought that I will ever be able to fall in love with someone so carelessly. I just know that this feeling will never leave me. I will do anything to make you happy, baby.",
"You showed me that life without love is boring and senseless. I thank you for every minute that you spent with me and ask you to spend a lifetime by my side. You are everything I have ever wanted.",
"All I need is the air that I breathe and to love you. I love this song so much. But I obviously love you more, baby. Let's spend the eternity together and love each other till the end of time.",
"I thought I will never be able to understand what true love is. But then you came into my life so unexpectedly. I think it's the way it's got to be, right? I've never felt like this before. No matter what you say or do, I will never let you go. I love you, baby.",
"Your presence in my life means more than anything else in this world to me. Everything I do, I do it because I feel inspired by you. I pray for you every night before I go to sleep. You are everything that matters, love.",
"You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. The stars and the Moon mean nothing as long as you walk the Earth. I pray for our love to last forever, and I will do anything for it. I love you like I've never loved before.",
"You are my destiny. I've just realized that I want to grow old with you. To have you by my side every morning when I wake up. To see you laugh and to see you cry. I want to see the world with you. Everything with you. Everything is you. I love you endlessly.",
"The only thing that has no end is my love for you. You give me the strongest feeling I've ever known, and I will never let it go. You are my dream come true, the biggest blessing I have ever received from God. I will love you forever.",
"Finding love is hard. That's why I will hold on to you no matter what happens. You brought so much joy and happiness to my life, I promise to make you just as happy each and every day. My love for you grows with every breath I take.",
"Even if I try, I won't be able to express the way I feel about you. Every day when I wake up (even on Mondays!) I feel so overwhelmed with happiness; I almost lose my breath. Thank you for making me so in love with you.",
"Being your man is amazing. I love how you speak, how you smile, how you blush when I say something nice, how you laugh when I'm being silly. I love everything about you, baby. I love you.",
"I have never seen someone as graceful and elegant as you are. When I look at you, I understand what true love feels like. You give me goosebumps every time you smile. The day I met you is the happiest day of my life.",
"Each and every minute without you makes me so extremely sad. You are my drug, and I don't want to fight the addiction. I will do anything to make you mine forever.",
"One lifetime will never be enough to enjoy sharing nights and days with you, to tell you how much I love and need you. Life is really too short for such big and everlasting love. I wish I could live forever just to see you every single day and give you all my love and care for the whole eternity.",
"I'm tired of hiding things inside. I'm tired of being overwhelmed with emotions. I'm tired of lying to myself, and now it's time to reveal the truth. I love you. I know that you don't feel the same right now, but I still hope that someday you'll see me as something more than just a friend.",
"Sometimes it seems to me that I had fallen in love with you long before I was born. You are my first and only love, and I believe that I will continue loving you after my death and I will love in the next lives. Forever and always.",
"When I'm with you I feel like I am the strongest man on Earth. I'm undefeatable and tireless. Oh, darling, I'm full of love and inspiration. You are the only one who makes me feel this way, and I wish it would never stop. Love you.",
"Our relationship is like a roller-coaster. It's extreme, unexpected, unpredictable, exciting and dizzying in a good way. It gives me the chills, it makes me go crazy, but I feel like I'm the happiest man in the world, because there's nothing worse than a boring and dull relationship.",
"They say that the best way to define the importance of a person is to imagine your life without this person. Well, it seems to me that you're of really great importance to me, because I can't imagine my life without you at all.",
"Sometimes I wish I had a cure from love, because it's unbearable to see your perfect face every day and not to be able to touch it. It's so hard to love every inch of your body and your soul and not to be able to tell you that, because you belong to somebody else… It hurts to love you, but I won't ever stop.",
"Please, tell me it is not going to end. You make me the happiest man on Earth, and I do my best to make you the happiest woman. We're a perfect couple, because we have so much love inside of us and we're always eager to share it with each other.",
"Sometimes I wish I had more courage in me and I weren't afraid to talk about my feelings. But I've been keeping it inside for too long, and now I'm ready to explode, to tell the whole world about what I feel. And do you know what I feel? I feel deep and burning love for you. It's time for you to know that.",
"There are so many different words to express our affections. I can say either I like you, or adore you, or love you, or I'm obsessed with you, but none of these words will describe what I exactly feel. What I really feel can't be put into any word."
